>> Richard Feldman: Let's
talk about a few things here.
First is records, then record updates,
those go hand in hand.
Booleans, those may be familiar.
And finally, the Elm Architecture,
which is what we're gonna use to
describe interaction in our application.
So let's start with records.
[COUGH] This is a record in Elm, it's got
a couple of fields, so name, x and y.
It looks a little bit similar in
syntax to a JavaScript object,
except that it's got
equals instead of a colon.
There are a couple of pretty substantial
differences in terms of how records work,
compared to JavaScript objects.
But syntactically,
they got a lot of similarities, so
the equals being sort of
the biggest difference.
In terms of how you read
things off of record fields,
that does look pretty much identical
to how it does in JavaScript.
So record.name will evaluate to foo,
record.x will evaluate to 1,
record.y will evaluate to 3.
Some differences between Elm records and
JavaScript objects,
records do not have prototypes.
They also don't have this, and
they also don't have any mutation.
So they're sort of pretty
bland in terms of feature set.
Really all they do is hold on
to data in an immutable way.
So you can read stuff off of there,
you can instantiate one, and
that's pretty much all
you can do with a record.
So basically records are sorta
of plain immutable data.
Okay, if you want to do records
sorta of vertically like these
you can say like a newRecord =
[name = "bar", x = 1, y = 3].
So this is a record that is sorta of
the same shape as the original record,
but it has a different name value.
So the name field has been changed.
You can use record update syntax
like this to sort of do the same
thing as what we did down below except
with a little bit more conciseness to it.
So here, since x and y were not changing,
we didn't bother specifying them
again like we did down here.
We just said record pipe name = "bar",
and that basically means,
I wanna make a new version of this record
that is exactly the same as the old one,
except that this one field has changed.
If you want,
you can change multiple fields at once.
You could add a comma here and
say x = 7 and change name and x.
But essentially,
these are doing the same things.
Since records are immutable,
when we say update, what we really mean is
give me a new record that's also
immutable, it's just based on the old one.
We're using the old one
as a starting point and
then only changing a couple of things
like maybe one thing about it.
Questions on records and record updates?